docs: add anvil ip docker section (#418)
foundry-rs/book: src/reference/anvil/README.md

  ```sh
  anvil --order fifo
  ```

> ### Usage within docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Usage within Docker
```

> In order to run anvil as a service in Github Actions with the [docker container](./tutorials/foundry-docker.md), where passing arguments to the entrypoint command is not possible, use the `ANVIL_IP_ADDR` env var to set the host's ip. `ANVIL_IP_ADDR=0.0.0.0` is equivalent to providing the `--host <ip>` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run anvil as a service in Github Actions with the [Docker container](./tutorials/foundry-docker.md), where passing arguments to the entrypoint command is not possible, use the `ANVIL_IP_ADDR` environment variable to set the host's IP. `ANVIL_IP_ADDR=0.0.0.0` is equivalent to providing the `--host <ip>` option.
```
